# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --output-file requirements-jupy.txt requirements.in requirements-strict.in requirements-jupy.in
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
anywidget==0.9.18
    # via -r requirements-jupy.in
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   requests
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   httpcore
h2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   h2
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-strict.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements-strict.in
    #   jupyterlab
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   h2
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via anywidget
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.28
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupysql==0.10.12
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
jupysql-plugin==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements-jupy.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   posthog
narwhals==2.8.0
    # via plotly
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements-strict.in
    #   pandas
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements-strict.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-core
ploomber-core==0.2.25
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
    #   jupysql-plugin
    #   ploomber-extension
ploomber-extension==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
plotly==6.3.1
    # via -r requirements-jupy.in
posthog==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ploomber-core
prettytable==3.10.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.11
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements-strict.in
psygnal==0.15.0
    # via anywidget
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements-strict.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   ploomber-core
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   posthog
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-jupy.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via jupyterlab
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
sqlglot==25.7.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   jupysql
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241003
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   anywidget
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   requests
voila==0.5.8
    # via -r requirements-jupy.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==14.1
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
